Enable live search on the link-navigation SelectionPrompt (#225)
boxofyellow/ConsoleMarkdownRenderer: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Upcoming Changes

### :art: Renderers :art:

> - [#221](https://github.com/boxofyellow/ConsoleMarkdownRenderer/issues/221): Enable live search on the link-navigation `SelectionPrompt` so long lists of links can be filtered by typing

Reviewer: @copilot the change log should list PRs not issues

```suggestion
- [#225](https://github.com/boxofyellow/ConsoleMarkdownRenderer/pull/225): Enable live search on the link-navigation `SelectionPrompt` so long lists of links can be filtered by typing
```
